=Question of the Day=

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Version</dt>
<dd><p>1.0</p></dd>

<dt style="font-weight:bold">Author</dt>
<dd><p>Bryce Campbell</p></dd>

<dt style="font-weight:bold">Copyright</dt>
<dd><p>2025</p></dd>

<dt style="font-weight:bold">Description</dt>
<dd><p>An application written in PHP to give out random questions each day.</p></dd>

<dt style="font-weight:bold">License</dt>
<dd><p>See LICENSE</p></dd>
</dl>

==Notes==

This application has been tested on PHP 8.4.3 and <strong>should</strong> 
work with later versions.

Please note that this still a <abbr title="Work in Progress">WIP</abbr>. 
I still need to implement the right output and test it with outside tools.

===Installation===

Download the archive or clone this repo to where your server software looks
for files and you should be good to go, 
as long as PHP is enabled for the directory.

If you would like to access questions from some an address like this:

<pre>http://example.com/qoftd</pre>

Be sure that you have the server software considers PHP files an index file
and rename the <strong>qofd.php</strong> to the appropriate name, 
such as <strong>index.php</strong>.

===Questions===

<ol>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Why create this application when there are many sites out there that provide this functionality?</dt>
<dd>
<p>I created this application because, at the time I wrote it, 
I streamed to both Twitch and YouTube and I wanted to implement a bot 
command that would display a question of the day.</p>
<p>While there are indeed sites out there that present a question of the day 
and allow users to request questions, they are presented as HTML, 
which can make it hard to feed back to bots, 
thereby creating headaches for those that multistream like me.</p>
<p>After noticing these things, I decided to make my own solution, 
which would output the question in a format that is easy for bots to grab.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ol>